Okay,
>> 9:00 a.m. in Hong Kong, Beijing, and
here in Singapore where day two of the
annual Bloomberg New Economy Forum is
underway. You're watching the China
show. I'm Ivon Mann with David.
>> A very good morning to all of you. We
are counting down to the open markets in
greater China. Let's get to your top
stories today. Nvidia's revenue outlook
topping these lofty expectations out of
Wall Street. CEO Jensen Hang tells us
that the company's poised for a strong
year ahead.
>> Sales are off the charts.
Nvidia GPUs in the cloud is sold out,
but we've got a bunch of black wells to
sell.
US futures are rallying. On the back of
that result, we'll bring you more from
our exclusive interview with the boss of
Nvidia in just a few minutes time.
Meanwhile, Asian stocks also rising
after Nvidia's forecast, even as traders
face the prospect of the Fed keeping
rates on hold amid the fog in US eco
data.
>> And tensions between the US and China
loom over the new economy forum, but
Singapore Prime Minister Lawrence Wong
says he expects more stable relations.
I'm sure the mutual suspicion and
distrust remains, but the guard rails
will ensure that the rivalry does not
slide into a full decoupling or worse
confrontation and conflict.
>> And plenty of great conversations coming
up here today. We'll be speaking with
the heads of the Singapore Exchange and
NASDAQ as well as Australia's Future
Fund and Tokyo Marine Asset Management.
Yeah, day two here at NEF, but certainly
the big focus of markets here today is
Nvidia, right? You take a look how
Taiwan is waking up here this morning
and everyone just breathing a whole sigh
of relief. Dave,
what's going on? the the earnings report
that's morphed into quite fittingly the
big macro event across these markets and
speaking of AI right it was really a big
theme as well conversations we've seen
and heard and listened to yesterday here
at the day day one of NEF of course we
are entering day two and I would imagine
things like where do things start to uh
disentangle between the two largest
economies in the world and things like
AI for example that do think keep uh
things together uh will feature quite
prominently as we go into the you know
the day two today and of course session
where we're looking at a substantial
rally across verse assets on the back of
those results and also the guidance
coming.
>> Yeah, I'm interesting to hear about from
Singapore Exchange, right? They just
announced this sort of partnership with
the NASDAQ about this dual listing sort
of regime that they want. Is this sort
of a way to compete with Hong Kong for
example who has been snapping up a lot
of tech companies to list in Hong Kong.
So certainly that's going to be a really
good interesting interview coming up.
But you talk about the whole AI story
and even Jensen Hong talking about the
China business, right? So far when it
comes to that outlook, you know, there
is no nothing coming from China right
now and that side of the business, but
they continue to re-engage, but
certainly that's still going to be that
sore spot for Jensen Hong.
>> Yeah. And despite that, things are well.
So if that sorts itself out, then of
course that that's an oversimplification
of a very complex issue and that's bonus
on top of course as we go into today.
And I think the point that Ivonne was
also making earlier on on this uh entire
AI conversation that's taking place,
right? You look at and you know
Singapore exchange is coming on as well.
You look at the markets that are
rallying today on the back of Nvidia
right Taiwan
>> 3.2% Japan 3 and 1.5% Korea's up 2%
Australia a measly.9%.
It's the markets where you have a really
big representation of tech. Yeah.
>> And AI is really where all the money's
going. And that takes us straight into
this Asia fund manager survey out of the
guys at BA. And what they're saying is
you favor the markets that have done
very well because of that DN that AI DNA
in those markets like Korea for example.
>> Yeah. Korea I think Taiwan uh Japan you
say still remain the favorites among
fund managers out there. We take a look
that overweight on China. I think you
compare it to now maybe a few months ago
that has been reduced to single digits
according to that fund manager survey.
So that really is quite telling of where
those flows are going to be going to.
What does that mean for a place like
Singapore where they actually have seen
more D-listings than actually listings
at the end of last year? Good
conversation coming up with the CEO of
SGX as well. Um but yeah, a quick look
at what's really happening in the
markets here. Let's go to Hong Kong
where our very own Mim Lo is tracking
everything that's going on. Hey M.
>> Hey Von. Yes, of course Nvidia is really
top of the the the market story at the
moment. And you can see here the Asia
Pacific benchmark up by one and 1.3%.
Uh Nvidia's Jensen Huang saying that the
Blackwell chips demand is off the charts
and also its revenue forecast for
quarter 4 also beating expectations.
Here you can see Tayax coming online up
3.2%. and the Nikki as well rallying
hard reversing the losses that we had
seen in the last couple of days right
and it seems like markets are setting
aside what we're hearing from the FOMC
meeting minutes so far because the
minutes say that many policy makers do
not think it's appropriate to cut rates
in December and markets are now pricing
in just a 30% chance for a rate cut and
you add to that the government saying
that they are no longer releasing the
October jobs data as well so we continue
to have that uh data fog at the moment
we are seeing yields uh pushing higher
And take a look at the yen. We continue
to be pushing higher towards the 157
level closer and closer to that line of
intervention for the BOJ. Uh and it's
prompting questions about whether the
Japanese government is losing control of
the policy makes especially when you
take it take to take into account the
the sell off in the bonds as well in the
Japanese uh sector. But here you can see
some of the chip stocks that we are
watching. Adventest up by 8% TSMC as
well up by 4%. These are some of the
Nvidia suppliers in Asia
and flip the board as well. We are also
watching uh the uh how we are set up for
Asia markets this morning and we can see
the China futures looking uh in the
green this morning and uh the UN also
looking unchanged at the moment. Still
on the stronger end of things at 711 per
dollar.
>> All right Mman, thank you. Our chronic
correspondent Mim Lo there on on the
markets here today. But yeah, it looks
like really as Jensen Hong said it
right, AI is everywhere, everything all
at once here right now. And that is
lifting a lot of boats here in the
region. And earlier we did speak
exclusively with the CEO of Nvidia and
how Jensen Hong is really seeing, you
know, what the China business is looking
like and how he hopes to re-engage with
China.
>> Nvidia's uh forecast for China market is
zero. We're going to continue to to
engage the US government, continue to
engage the China government to advise
them and to encourage them to allow us
to go back and compete in the open
market. And so until then, we should
assume zero. Sales are off the charts
for Blackwell
and
Nvidia GPUs in the cloud are sold out.
We got plenty of Blackwells to sell you.
We have lots of black wells coming.
We're making a lot of black wells and we
have a bunch of vera rubins coming and
so
business is very very strong.
>> The point there that business is very
strong is leading to as you can see
right now on your screens an extremely
strong session for risk assets as Taiwan
comes out and I imagine in 13 minutes
time when Hong Kong comes and the
pre-markets start to show up we're going
to get a further boost in these markets
as things stand. and Asia Pacific stocks
are on track for the best day in nearly
a month or so. Let's bring in Kunjan
Zubani of course our Bloomberg
intelligence senior semiconductors
analyst for their take on what's taking
place and what was said what was how it
was said in the context there Kunjan
thank you so much for joining us um just
your initial take sir
>> yeah I mean fundamentally a very strong
obedient raise um when we look at the 4Q
outlook I think it beat even the loftier
buy side u bogeies or whispers based on
our checks u more impressive was that
GB300 which is the blackwell 12 Ultra,
which is their latest generation product
uh with higher ASPs. Uh that grew
significantly faster than the overall
segment. That suggest that customers
demand continues to be strong. But not
only that, that customers want their
latest and greatest more expensive uh
chips from Nvidia.
>> The the outlook for for China, I mean,
there's there really isn't much, right?
They basically mentioned when it comes
to that that guidance that they didn't
factor in China and the China business
anyway. Is that something that we just
have to expect for the next few quarters
then Kung Jan and and you know can they
continue to deliver despite that that
China lack of presence?
>> Yeah for for you know on the consensus
side um consensus is now clean of any
China expectations and I don't think
China expectations are coming back
anytime soon and and that doesn't
pertain a risk for this company. Yes,
China is a big opportunity but since
last few quarters since we have lost
that opportunity which is a 50 billion
TAM Nvidia has added significantly more
in its backlog and pipeline specifically
going to that $500 billion number
through 25 and 26 and it's adding more
deals as it announced today uh the XAI
deal for about half a gawatt and the
entropic deal for 1 gawatt. A lot of
these deals by itself, each of these
deals uh can easily replace and overpass
the China revenue that they have lost.
>> Kungjan, you look at the guidance coming
through out of the company, whether
that's in the in the earnings call or
the interview we did of course with
Jensen Huang, and you juxtapose that
with the capex spend that the rest of
the ecosystem have penciled in over the
next 12 months or so. Do those numbers
jive together? Do they make sense to
you?
They do. I mean, if you just look at the
capex increases for 2026 years versus
one year back, we have the hypers scale
and cloud capex by itself has increased
close to near 170 to$200 billion. And
remember when we he also gave out some
math like when we look at one gawatt
data center spending almost half or more
is going for going in the pockets of
Nvidia. So when we reconcile the amount
of increased capex that has estimates
have increased for the top hyperscalers
the top cloud providers and private
companies like open AAI um that does
reconcile to the numbers we are looking
at for Nvidia revenues
>> Kunjan I I have to wonder just the
market reaction that we're seeing here
right now this was sort of a very show
me the money sort of moment for Nvidia
and it seems like they've been able to
deliver uh which is quite rare most of
the time you know the markets actually
find an excuse used to sell.
>> Yeah.
>> Does this in some way tame and reduce
all the bubble concerns out there when
it comes to this whole AI trade or do
you think it actually maybe increases it
given the fact that there's a lot of
questions whether you know its customers
can actually do the same and deliver on
results now?
>> Yeah, exactly. I think it it does not
fully uh tame I think for the time being
uh this provides sort of a support. Uh
it does calm some immediate jitters uh
seeing that the demand for their
products continues to run ahead. I think
there will be still be questions about
getting more clarity and it's more of a
wait and watch game now to see as each
of these projects each of each of these
milestones and deals continue to
progress on time and on track.
Kung Jan, thank you. Kungjan Sami there
joining us from Bloomberg Intelligence.
Uh, and certainly going to watch right
the TX certainly is the one that is
really benefiting the most from this
Nvidia results here right now. We're up
the most since April for the TX right
now.
>> Yeah, the the proxy. We'll see in 8
minutes how Hong Kong reacts to rather
positively of course when you look at
futures right now. Right. Just ahead
here on shows, we'll be speaking with
Asian Society Policy Institute, Jing
Chen. Uh, and of course, you mentioned
this as well, Singapore CEO is joining
us here live on set. The Bloomberg New
Economy Forum. 17 minutes to the opening
bell in Hong Kong, in Shanghai, and in
Shenzhen. You're watching the China
Show. Good morning.
because the two leaders will meet
probably four times next year because
President Trump has said he would visit
China. presidency will probably visit
back and then there's APEC in Shenzhen
and G20 in Miami. So many opportunities
for engagement and
it's much needed for stability. The
intense competition and rivalry will
continue. I'm sure the mutual suspicion
and distrust remains but the guard rails
will ensure that the rivalry does not
slide into a full decoupling or worse
confrontation and conflict.
Yeah, it's perfect.
>> That was the prime minister of Singapore
there, Lawrence Wong, speaking here at
the new economy forum on the really the
the competition between the US and
China. Really quite pointed and quite
interesting words and comments from the
prime minister, right? He talked about,
you know, I know you're going to ask me,
you know, if Singapore has to choose
size,
>> but he says, you know, we we don't have
to in some ways, right? They will do it
by issue by issue and what is in
Singapore's national interest right now.
But as he said, right, obviously the
fierce competition is here to stay
between the US and China, but at least
we had some sort of truth, right? The
guard rails are there to at least avoid
the two nations from really spiraling
into a decoupling. So at least there's
that for the next year or so.
>> A predictable
well competition is one, but it's also a
relationship on many other fronts
>> if you think about it, right? So the
next 12 months, I think the number that
stood out to me from that comment that
we just played out is that they're set
to meet four times next year according
to schedule of course, right? if the
trips go to plan and plus the uh sort of
big conferences as well. Uh well, let's
get a sense of what the 12 months ahead
actually looks like in terms of the
relationship expectations and also where
the risks are. Joining us here on set is
Jing Chen, co-founder and MD at the
center uh for China analysis at the Asia
Society Policy Institute. Good morning,
sir. How are you?
>> Thank you David and Ivonne for having
me. I think it's glad to talk about US
China relationship as as you alluded to.
I think decoupling has been proven to be
both unachievable and unobtainable. I
think the the good news from Busousan is
that we have some kind of stability and
predictability for the coming 12 months
>> with different milestones that has been
building April visit by President Trump
to China and President Xi is going to
attend G20 in Florida. So both team is
going to look for deliverables to
deliver to both leaders to kind of claim
victories for both constituencies.
>> So we're looking for where will be areas
that both can manage derisking
competition but also and more
importantly to some extent is where they
can expand cooperation
>> and here I want to make a case for
public health. Mike Bloomberg in the
opening of this year's new economy has
called out for cancer collaboration
which we've been working on for many
years
>> and I think this is one area US and
China should really work together put
some data on the table. US has about
600,000
deaths to cancer as of 2024. China has
2.4 million deaths to cancer. Globally
it's about 10 million deaths every
single year. But US and China accounts
for onethird. It is natural for two of
the largest victim of cancer to work
together to fight this common enemy of
humanity. That's one. Second one is that
US is still leading in biotech and in
its regulatory framework.
>> China on the other hand has clinical
trial infrastructure but also large
amount of patient base. M
>> it's also complimentary for both to work
together to deliver faster and better
care and drugs for patients.
>> Yeah.
>> And let me add last point. If US and
China if US and Soviet excuse me can
work together during the peak of cold
war to eradicate small pox
>> I think US and China should and could
work together on cancer. It's really a
human issue not a geopolitical one. It
>> it's interesting. It's not climate.
People always say that's the easiest
signs of lowest hanging fruit. But it's
interesting you brought up the issue of
public health. Um there's still a lot of
structural
>> differences between the two though that
we have to talk about. Um when it comes
to this whole the the trade frictions,
is that only going to lead to China to
continue to this whole kind of
self-sufficiency
tech supremacy sort of regime? Because
it seems like according to the 14
five-year plan, I mean that is what the
the priority is right now.
>> It is. So you I think you are right the
stabilization of the bilateral
relationship is very much driven by some
of domestic uh impermanence. One of them
is China's 15 years plan as you alluded
to.
>> We also saw the rebalancing of different
core relationship within Chinese economy
>> and if we may back up a little bit we
saw some very good performances of
Chinese stock market in the past 12
months. I think a stock went up 20%.
Hensen stock went up nearly 40%. Yeah.
>> And if we go to healthare again, the
biotech index went up nearly 100%. But
why is that? Because the Chinese within
them own within their own thinking has
been shifting the gear of the economy as
early as September October of 2024
partially due to their own domestic
challenges of economy but partially in
anticipation of Trump 2.0 and the trade
war. So they are kind of preparing for
that of changing the local incentive for
officials but also having that roundt in
February with private entrepreneurs
including Alibaba,
>> the big tech, okay,
>> Deep Seek because they have realized the
private entrepreneurs in China are not
only critical for economic development
but also for technological competition
on the global stage.
>> Then they also had a March round table
with international investors. Nine out
of the 40 are from again health
industry.
>> So they want to also redefine the
relationship with international
investors. So that is all driving the
shifting of ski of Chinese economy
>> partially to deal with the competition
with the US.
>> What what's next do you think in that
re-engagement between the Chinese
government and the Chinese the private
sector specifically the tech sector
where do you think that relationship
goes? Because when you look at the
economic numbers for example, a lot of
it is we keep talking about what's the
government going to do to stimulate
growth. You look at the private side of
the investment side for example. That's
that's that's not there. So that seems
to be the lacking piece to this getting
the economy reflated again and core of
that is that relationship between the
two.
>> Exactly. I think those balancing acts
are currently ongoing. I think the
private sectors are not fully convinced
this is what this is going to be in the
coming 12 months. But they are
increasingly aware given the external
pressure from USChina competition and
internal needs of both technological
advancement for self-reliance purpose
but also for economic reasons.
>> They are needed more than before. But
that social contract hasn't been
rewritten yet. It is in the process of
being rewritten.
What what is still needed then to to re
invigorate these animal spirits within
the private sector then? What what can
what's still needed for them to invest
more?
>> That's a great question. I think a lot
of policy makers in Beijing are trying
to think. I think the Chinese economy on
the outside looks complicated. But if we
get to the essence, there only three key
relationships. One is how the party
state is going to have incentive
structure for its local officials try to
create the kind of def facto property
protection and personal protection for
the private entrepreneurs.
>> Second is how then the enforcement
implementation of those kind of
protections will be put into practice.
as you know local officials and local
government facing a lot of physical
challenges which leads them to get the
private entrepreneurs to supplement what
they need at local level and third of
all is how China can keep open and
engaged with the global market for both
technology reason but also for the
global market all three relationship
needs to be aligned to serve it own
purpose
>> to the point I think Ivonne brought up
and you just mentioned the next fiveyear
plan the if they're able to rebalance it
successfully, that's actually positive
for the relationship. A lot of China's
trading partners have been asking China
to increase its domestic consumption.
>> Yeah.
>> Um do you think they have announced
enough steps?
Is it clear to you that they're going to
be able to do that? Rebalance the
economy towards a more
consumption-driven one?
>> Yes.
>> Or revive consumption? I I think this is
a necessary step for the Chinese
government to take. One thing we see
from the 15 years plan is first of all a
political determination to put economic
development at the center again. That's
one political determination. Second is
that I think there's a promise to double
the income of its people by 2035 which
means in the duration of the 15th 5
years plan it needs to reach about 4.2
2% of annual growth. So it has a strong
foundation for the 16 five years plan
which means with the current model of
manufacturing and export oriented
economy it's not going to be adequate.
Hence to boost up consumption is going
to be a necessity. Then the question is
how?
>> Yeah how
>> a couple of things. One is to give the
people more disposable income. I give
you one example. China has about 200
million giga workers currently in the
workforce
>> and a huge part of the disposable income
are paid to the social security by
themselves which is around 15 to 20% of
the income. If there's a way for the
government to ask the platform companies
to cover part of that 15 to 20% of
burden that will free up huge amount of
consumption capacity for those group of
people that will help a lot.
>> This was fantastic. Thank you so much
for spending the time. Let's do this
again. Of course, next time you're in
the region, let us know. Of course, that
was Jing Chen folks there. Center for
China Analysis at co-founder MD of
course at Asia Society Policy Institute.
Um, as we look at going into the open
today, just want to mention two things.
Obviously, the market reaction positive
one. We're up 2% on the China CSI up
one. We're up about 1% on Hangen Tech.
This red headline that just crossed
Donald Trump before signing this bill.
>> So, yes. So, this is quite interesting,
right? So he signed the legislation to
compel the DOJ to release files on the
Jeff Epstein Jeffrey Epste. So approving
that measure, of course,
>> Trump has spent months trying to block
uh in this fight that really hasn't, you
know, inflamed tensions with his own
party and really threatened to undermine
his agenda. So um he signed that
legislation according to that post. Uh
that followed a a sort of lopsided 421
to1 vote in the House. Uh there was only
one lone Republican lawmaker provided
the only no vote, but the Senate also
agreed to unanimously send the measure
to the president's desk. There you go.
Yeah,
>> it is happening.
>> Yeah. At my direction, the Department of
Justice has already turned over close to
50,000 pages of documents to Congress.
We'll get you the latest on this once we
have more information on this. We're
counting down to the open of trade just
over 3 minutes away. Hong Kong,
Shanghai, and Shenzhen. We're looking at
a rally, folks. We're lifting to gap
higher across these markets. You got to
thank Nvidia. Thank Jensen Huang. You
thank the bulls. The bulls are all out.
Good morning to all of you. You're
watching the China Show.
Good morning, folks. Welcome back.
You're watching the China show, counting
down to the open of trades in greater
China. We're live, of course, here out
of the Bloomberg New Economy Forum
taking place here in Singapore. Day two
is underway. We'll get the latest out of
the panels taking place right now. And
of course, the understanding of how the
world will have to deal with this
complex relationship thriving in the age
of extremes is the theme for this this
year's forum here.
>> Yeah, certainly going to be one in
focus, but right now, you know, all the
focus really has been around Nvidia
earnings, right? and and really what has
lifted risk sentiment once again and
really revived a lot of the optimism
around AI. Let's get to midman who is
watching all the market action.
>> Yeah, certainly is the relief rally that
we are seeing across all the tech heavy
indexes in Asia, right? The likes of the
Cosby, the NIK and the TX rallying and
here we can see the CSI 300 also
participating in the rally up about 7/10
of a percent. Camcon up by 2.2% here. CL
as well up about 1%. Of course, the
story for China is a little bit
different, right? Because the AI players
still do not have have access to
Nvidia's latest chips and Jensen Hangs
himself is saying that his forecast for
the China market is still zero and the
company is still lobbying the US
government and the Chinese government to
hopefully change things there. But let's
take a look at how Hong Kong is doing.
We are of course watching the chips
players uh some of the AI players 10
cent Alibaba PU all catching a bit by
looking at 3.3% gain here. Xiaomi though
going in the opposite direction. Another
tailwind though for the Chinese AI
players is of course the Reuters report
saying that the US is considering
delaying any implementation of the
semiconductor tariffs. So that's
certainly a tailwind for this sector as
well. We've also digesting some of the
earnings report coming out overnight. We
have Quao for example seeing solid beat
on earnings especially coming from its
text to video uh AI generation app as
well. We flip the board take a look at
some of the chip stocks in China that we
are watching and yes we are seeing all
of these stocks right smiCuong catching
a bit will semiconductor as well. Now
wing tech is one that we're watching
very closely because the experia the
Dutch semiconductor uh firm finally is
back to Chinese ownership. The Dutch
government finally settling the spat
with the Chinese government after
intense negotiation. We are seeing the
loosening of the export restrictions for
its Chinese factory here. Wing tech
gaining about 3.6% here. And flip the
board. We're also taking a look at the
brokerage sector in China because we
have news of a surprise merger between
CIC and two other brokerages. CICC of
course is one of the top investment
banks in Hong Kong, especially for Hong
Kong IPOs. This is part of the Chinese
government's move to try to reform the
sector to try to groom more companies
that could become worldbeating players
to compete with the likes of Goldman
Sachs and JP Morgan. And you can see
here the brokerage index onshore up by
3.3%. This could be a jolt for onore
Chinese markets as well.
All right, Mim, thank you. Mim Low with
an update on what markets are doing here
and yeah, marking this Chinese open that
continues to the good news here this
morning. Uh, on the back of what we
heard from Nvidia, right, strong revenue
forecast for the current period is
helping to counter concerns that a
global surge in AI spending is poised to
crash. Now, the CEO Jensen Hong spoke to
us exclusively about the outlook for
Nvidia and the AI sector.
Sales are off the charts for Blackwell
and
Nvidia GPUs in the cloud are sold out.
We got plenty of Blackwells to sell you.
We have lots of black wells coming.
We're making a lot of black wells and we
have a bunch of Vera Rubin coming. And
so
business is very very strong,
but we've planned our supply chain
incredibly well. We have the largest
supply chain in the world. Our partners
TSMC,
our memory partners SKH Highix, Micron,
Samsung are doing a fantastic job
supporting us and all of our systems
partners Foxcon and Quant and Wistron,
our packaging partners, everybody's
doing a fantastic job supporting us and
we've done a good job planning for a
very very strong year and we've done a
good job planning for Vera Rubin. So
sales are off the charts. Nvidia GPUs in
the cloud is sold out, but we've got a
bunch of black wells to sell.
>> Jensen, what's the road ahead for Vera
Rubin? It's one of the most common
questions we get for you of how that
ramp will go relative to what we saw
with the Blackwell generations.
>> Well, the silicon for uh Vera Rubin,
seven different chips are back in our
labs and the bring up is happening
across engineering teams. probably a
couple of 20,000 people are working on
bringing up Vera Rubin from silicon to
systems to software to algorithms people
are working around the clock and this
bring up is going beautifully
we're on track to deliver Vera Rubin
about Q3 time frame of next year
continuing our once a year cycle Vera
Rubin is already assured a huge success
everybody's incredibly excited excited
about it. Can't wait to show everybody.
And then one last thing is that the rack
architecture, the rack scale
architecture is completely
revolutionary. It includes a scale up
switch called the MVL link. MVLink 72,
our fifth generation is the only one of
its kind in the world. This rack
architecture, which is incredibly
complex, started with Grace Blackwell,
then Grace Blackwell Ultra. It is
transitioned to Grace Blackwell Ultra is
incredibly seamless.
The same rack rack scale architecture is
going to be used for Ver Rubin and so
the supply chain is all used to it. This
complexity that we enjoyed with Grace
Blackwell transition we're now
incredibly smooth running and so I think
Vera Rubin's going to be just really
smooth and we're going to ramp it really
hard. Jensen, I tried to go through what
the CFO collect Crest said about China.
In the quarter gone, it seemed like
there was not meaningful H20 sales
because the demand wasn't there, even if
you were permitted to sell H20. And then
in the current period and going forward,
Nvidia seems committed to working with
both the United States and China to to
sell what what uh Colette called more
competitive compute. Where do we stand
with that? and and and could you just
clarify what what Colette was talking
about in the current state of play for
China?
>> The most important thing she said is
that we've said for some time now our
forecast for China is zero. All of our
forecast guidance that we showed zero we
should start that's the most important
thing that she said. She also said that
effectively China is a very important
market to us. It's very important to
United States. It's very important to
China. We would love the opportunity to
be able to re-engage the Chinese market
with excellent products that we deliver
and to be able to compete globally. The
Chinese market is very large this year.
My guess is probably about $50 billion.
It's great for the American people that
we're able to compete in the Chinese
market. It's great for the China market
that we're able to provide Nvidia's
technology to them. is great for the
rest of the world as Chinese software
companies and Chinese open- source
models leave China and are used all over
the world. And so I think it's fantastic
that we're able it would be fantastic if
we're able to participate in the China
market. But for now, we should just
assume the mark our Nvidia's uh forecast
for China market is zero. We're going to
continue to to engage the US government,
continue to engage the China government
to advise them and to encourage them to
allow us to go back and compete in the
open market. And so until then, we
should assume zero.
>> Uh
to all the bolts out there, that's where
you send the thank you card to Jensen
Hang CEO of course.
>> Merry Christmas.
>> Merry Christmas. Happy Valentine's.
Happy Thanksgiving. In fact, all the way
into this and next year. Speaking
exclusively, of course, to our colleague
Ed Lllo there. Uh really on the on that
very note, have a look at these names
coming through as well. Three and a
half% on the Asia IT index. Uh
incredibly heavy volumes in some of
these names. Let's get uh the insights
out of Paul Dobson, of course, our
executive editor for Asia Markets is
with us right now. Paul, I mean I mean
suffice to say the earnings are taken
very much in stride by by by the bulls
today. Where do we go next with this
story?
>> Yeah, morning David. Uh good question. I
mean uh the market needed something of a
circuit breaker after the recent uh
doubts that it had been having over the
AI uh trade uh and the and the uh
significant rally that we've seen all
the way since uh April this year. And we
got it right with these numbers. Uh
everything uh looks good and positive
for the chip sector. And the narrative
that's being spun is one that's
particularly uh bright looking for the
future as well. So uh as far as we're
concerned for today's price action, you
know, it's all being taken positively.
You know, Jensen Hang reeled through the
list of suppliers in our region and
they're all unsurprisingly having a good
day too. I think that the next things
that people are concentrating though uh
on are still uh the funding costs uh
that are required in order to build out
all the data centers across the US and
around the world. um whether the market
can tolerate that, whether there's
enough money out there to pay for it. Um
you know, we've seen some cracks
recently in some of the the bonds that
were issued by some of the companies uh
to pay for it. And uh so that I think is
still remains a little bit of a question
and the other the other side of it, you
know, what are the results? What are we
getting out of it? What's the
productivity lift look like? What are
the outcomes? I think that the Gemini 3
model reviews um the the Alphabet
product uh have see have been rave
reviews basically uh very favorable
reception. So that's another positive
actually for the AI sector in general.
Um you know weighing against that uh
we've got still doubts about the uh
Federal Reserve's interest rate path
from here. So the the stock market more
broadly beyond the tech story is
certainly not out of the woods yet. Um
the market would love to see a Santa
rally, but it's not nailed on at this
point, I would say.
>> Yeah. Paul, you mentioned about the
data, right? We got that update that,
you know, we're going to get the
September jobs report this week or
today, later on today.
>> Yeah, that's right.
>> But the October one will not be
released. I mean, that that's still
leading to quite a lot of uncertainty in
terms of the data side for the Fed. you
know, do we need actually now a Fed rate
cut in December to solidify this rally?
>> Uh, the market is basically ruling out
that possibility at this point. It were
only priced at a 30% chance that the Fed
will move. Uh, and that has been
weighing against the market recently.
So, I think uh if that were to come
back, that would definitely be seen as a
positive for the markets. But at this
point, we're kind of looking forwards
and beyond that and thinking about,
well, when we do start to get the data
again, are we going to see enough
negativity that it will convince the Fed
to cut in the first quarter of next year
at least? It's it's a difficult
situation, right? When we're in this
vacuum and uh okay, we get the September
jobs report today, but that's going to
have to tell us something particularly
alarming if it's going to change those
Fed opinions. And after that, we'll get
the private numbers, but they've been a
sort of, you know, up and down a little
bit uh inconclusive, I think, as well. I
don't know whether the Fed as a whole
would like to set its stall completely
by that based on the narrative that
we've heard from the policy makers and
what we saw in the minutes that were
released uh yesterday, US hours as well.
Um so we're a little bit flying in the
dark just like they are at this moment
in time. I think that December seems off
the table, but maybe there'll be more
hopes for Q1 and and more cuts next
year.
>> Oh, fantastic. Thank you so much. Paul
Dobson there, our executive editor for
Asia Markets um out of our Singapore
office today. Right. Uh just looking
ahead across the region and certainly
this market as the backdrop uh of that
Hangen Index, we're about 12 minutes
into the cash market session here.
Taiwan about 42 minutes and as you can
see Singapore lagging behind. That's for
many reasons which we'll get into of
course to the CEO of the Sjix joining us
in a couple of minutes. We're up 1.7% on
their stock. Plenty more ahead. This is
the China show.
>> Right, welcome back. You're watching the
China show. We're looking at a rally
across these markets. We're about 15
minutes into the cash market session in
greater China. Uh let's pivot now and
talk about where we are right now in
Singapore. Singapore exchange shares are
up 1.7. The company's planning to work
with the NASDAQ. And here's the
interesting bit here. Uh on a new dual
listing mechanism for markets to boost
the local stock market and also improve
trading liquidity.
>> Yeah. Joining us now is Bunai Lo, CEO of
the Singapore Exchange uh to tell us
about this big announcement. And it's
certainly one that's quite timing wise
is great. I think given the sort ephoria
around AI and tech companies here right
now. Tell us in terms of what the target
is going to be with this new regime and
what sort of companies you're looking to
attract.
>> Well, we have our best uh IPO uh market
in the last quarter uh ranked uh within
the top 10 globally. But companies have
been telling us that uh if there's an
additional pathway to uh connect uh US
to Asia and uh allowing better access
into global capital they would like to
look at it and I think there are many uh
tech growth companies in this part of
the world they are ready for the IPO
market and we know what it was like uh
in the previous uh few years. So this uh
pathway together with uh NASDAQ allows
for tech high growth companies to tap
both the global capital and uh with the
Asian Nexus. We're excited we're getting
domestic uh support. There is going to
be more pots of uh preIPO cornerstone
that uh issuers can look forward to.
>> So h how are things going to work
operationally and and when does when
does the when does the new connection
launch? So this will be a harmonized
crossber listing framework, okay, with a
streamline regulatory obligations across
two markets and a simplified review
process. So it's one set of documents
that the issuer will have to uh prepare
and uh we're hoping to uh get this going
by the middle of next year subject
directory approval and uh announcing it
at this point in time is to get
companies attention for them to prepare.
Bunch I I think about the ones that got
away like the ones like Grab like the
ones that see that decided to live list
overseas. Is this a you know is this
going to be the mechanism for them to
come home and have you heard anything?
>> Well there are many more the unicorns in
this part of the world there are VCs PES
who need to get their company ready for
IPO once a cluster is being built up uh
we'll show there'll be companies coming
knocking at our door.
>> Right. Have you have you worked out some
of the initial numbers? What are your
initial expectations on
>> financially and tangibly how the
business is going to feel the positive
impact of this?
>> We have in the last few months uh
embarked on uh deep broad consultation
with the ecosystem. Uh companies who are
looking for IPO tell us that this is
something they're looking forward to. uh
post announcements we've gotten uh many
positive uh reaction and I think this
will just supplement and complement
importantly our IPO market has seen a
turnaround in the last couple of months.
>> Yeah. I take a look at a day like today
where Nvidia news is basically lifting
some of the likes of Taiwan, Korea,
Japan, Hong Kong. Singapore does get
left out when when there is this sort of
tech and AI euphoria. Beyond just this
news though, do you think there's any
other ways that you can mitigate
>> sort of the outflow situation uh given
the fact that you know there's so many
tech heavy benchmarks out there that you
have to compete with? Now
>> we have uh 2.4 billion uh dollars being
raised uh in the IPO market in the third
quarter across uh different companies
including some uh SAS uh company a US
NASDAQ list company that also did
placement in Singapore. I think we have
a very strong foundation to build upon
and uh we're knocking uh at each other's
door berally uh companies with us and us
with the companies.
>> What about Chinese companies? Have you
been seeing any sort of interest in
Chinese companies wanting to list in in
Singapore?
>> One of the strength of SGX is we have
multiple listing pathways including
those for Chinese companies. Chinese
companies in particular with a Southeast
Asia or Asian Nexus expanding their
footprint outside of China. we have a
platform ready for that.
>> Right. And the I think just to build on
what Ivon and you know you mentioned of
course the a lot of the big tech and
unicorns that are looking to list in
Southeast Asia. I mean I just look
around on the way from the airport. You
really feel that this is a very
innovative city and I and I wonder
whether the representation within the
index itself and what the exchange is
looking to do to enhance
>> the tech and AI representation within
the market.
>> Yeah. So the sector aside, we've taken
the big step uh to have uh what we call
the next 50 index which will really
capture
>> many of these companies not just
technicon but in the space where their
size may be overlooked because they're
not in the index and we're ready to try
and include some of these companies.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. I I mean talk a bit more of the
rest of of the business here in terms of
the pipeline you mentioned about it's
one of the best IPO markets you've seen
in six years or so. What is the pipeline
looking like so far for next year?
>> Well, we have uh over the 30 uh
companies in the uh pipeline and that's
growing and pipeline for us is defined
as companies who are working with
advisers preparing for an IPO on SGX and
uh with news like that with work that's
been done by the broader ecosystem
through the review group. We are hopeful
uh that our pipeline will continue to
grow and importantly making sure it's an
efficient process for issuers.
>> Looking at next year, what specific
targets do you have for the business
including discounting of course this new
connection that's going to kick in
middle of next year? How much growth do
you see in the overall business? Come
next Monday uh we're launching a
institutional grade uh perpetual uh
futures and uh that's to create the uh
regulated plumbing for institutional
investors looking to access the uh
crypto market. We're also expanding uh
our FX business. We have guided uh uh
revenue growth uh over the medium term
of 6 to 8%. Okay. Well, I think there
are many opportunities for us to be able
to hopefully outperform.
>> Uh, in terms of investments, I mean, you
you've mentioned before you're
interested in maybe some acquisitions.
>> Yeah.
>> Can you tell us a bit more? I mean, what
what sort of targets are you looking at
right now?
>> People are very curious about this.
>> Well, uh, we we have a multi asset
platform for access in Asia. connect the
the global investors uh to this part of
the world that has really served our
participants very well across FX,
equity, relatives, commodities and
importantly also freight which is really
a important risk management to today in
uh the uh uncertainty around trade. So
we'll be looking to build upon our
strength whether that's commodities or
even some of the asset classes.
>> Do you have a ballpark for how much
you're willing to spend?
>> We have a strong balance sheet.
>> Okay. Well, yeah, that's public
information. So, we're we're going to
have a look at them, see how much you
can allocate towards that. Let's speak
again soon. Thank you so much. Thank you
for taking the time. Congratulations
again on the NASDAQ collaboration there.
Uh that was Punju, of course, CEO of the
Singapore Exchange.
>> Yep. Coming up here, we have plenty more
coming up at the New Economy Forum
there, the NASDAQ chair and CEO Adena
Freeman is going to be talking to us in
just about an hour's time, of course,
about this kind of dual listing regime
with SGX as well. Plenty more uh that
interview coming up on Insight with
Hesinda Amed. This is Bloomberg.
>> Good morning. Welcome back. You're
watching the China Show. If you're
short, either that or you're a bear,
look away now. Um, yeah, today's not the
day for you. Although, if you are short,
of course, it's a good day to be
covering. Perhaps that's one of the
constituencies looking at this. The CICC
merger plan is going to be interesting
to see and how that's playing out
already in terms of market reaction
across the brokerage space in China.
That's playing out quite nicely. There's
also the fact that the market is doing
well. So, that's also really been
boosting uh the businesses of many of
the brokers. Uh these are mostly on your
screens. That's ANHS of course on that
constituency. Uh about 25 minutes into
the session, we're looking at the
benchmarks coming up on your screens.
We're looking at some nice gains across
the hanging tech. CSI300 is going the
opposite way. Hanging tech of course
coming up on your screens right now.
It's interesting when you look at this
against the backdrop of a broader AI
fueled rally across most of Asia. You
look at Korea, you look at Taiwan, you
look at Japan, it's not showing up to
that extent in greater China so far.
There's plenty more ahead of course here
coming through out of the new economy
forum. We're live here out of Singapore
and we'll leave you with a look at some
live pictures taking place right now
inside
this is
Welcome back to the China show. We are
dear day two at the Capella Hotel.
Beautiful venue here once again for the
Bloomberg New Economy Forum. And yeah,
great conversations we've had so far
really on this sort of changing of the
you know landscape of US China trade
tensions and the like and really what's
you know what still is something that's
still intact and what really has
changed. We certainly have a lot of
conversation with Lawrence Wong about
that the prime minister of Singapore
yesterday. Uh right now we're talking
about AI right given the Nvidia story
that keeps going here in the Asia
session we have Rushi Sunnak the former
UK prime minister talking about AI
coming up too. Yeah, the spotlight on
AI. That's the the panel that's about to
start right next to us here. Of course,
we're coming to you live as I was
pointing out. Beautiful venue here.
>> Remember when we saw the yesterday?
>> Oh, yes. Yeah, we were on we were
literally on the sidelines.
>> We called it the quadrant.
>> Yes.
>> With with Bloomberg, Mike Bloomberg,
>> Sunnak, Gina Rayundo, and Lawrence Wong
all huddle and it was just it was
>> you could barely see anything through
the
>> to be a fly in the wall.
>> Yeah. The silhouette of the the
bodyguards and everyone in between.
Yeah. There we go. So, we are starting
that and we'll get you more details once
we have more information as things get
warmed up. There inside the hall right
outside where we are is the sets at the
beautiful Capella Hotel here in
Singapore. Beautiful venue. Terrible day
though for the weather. It's been
raining all morning. So, let's see uh
what happens here. Uh in the meantime
though, let's just pivot away from this.
Certainly, the AI conversations been
showing up across these markets and it's
really a day when I woke up, I looked at
the Nvidia story. Yeah.
>> And the other news was of course the
October jobs report that's no longer
coming out. They're folding that into
the December job sprint, markets have
now basically kicked the can down to run
the next Fed cut, which by the way,
because of the former point you were
making. It doesn't seem markets will
need, at least for now. Yeah.
>> In terms of what's going to be fueling
this rally,
>> you basically have Jenzo Hong as Santa
Claus, right? He's going to be the one
that's going to be taking hopefully this
rally up until the end of the year.
That's what it feels like now. We'll
see, right? Um let's take a look at how
markets are doing, right? 30 minutes
into the session and bring them in low
in Hong Kong. Hey Vivid.
>> Yes, and Vid uh Jensen Huang at Santa
Claus. That is certainly playing out
right here. We have seen the market
jitters leading up to that earnings call
really been very intense, right? A sell
over the over the last few sessions, but
things are finally coming down and
picking up once again. We're seeing some
of the tech heavy indexes, the NIK
particularly ra gaining about three and
a half% here. Uh TX as well up by 2.6%.
But we flip the board and take a look at
some of the uh big chip makers here in
Asia, right? TSMC of course up by three
and a half%. And look at Adventist. It
was at one point limit up at 10%. Now
it's at 9.6 or so. But
>> it's the water that lift all boats,
right? Even the Chinese chip makers,
they're not necessarily benefiting from
Nvidia's business as well also gaining.
So largely all the chips players in
Asia, whether it's Taiwan, China, all
looking good today. But this is a very
interesting story. We have some
idiocyncratic stories going on between
BYD and Leap Mortal. These two rivals uh
seeing a fresh spat that is playing out
in public. Stellantis, one of the top
executive is saying that it Chinese
partner Leap Mortto is out selling BYD
in Europe's largest market in Germany.
Even though Germany's transport
authorities data show that BYD is
actually in the lead. And in September,
we already saw BYD putting out a rare
press release refuting the Stellantis
CEO's statement. But here we are seeing
uh both stocks not doing too well today.
Jang Le Moto down by 2%. This is despite
BYD announcing that it wants to be the
market leader in Brazil in 2028. So we
are seeing the intense competition
playing out here. The competition runs
deep because we know BYD had been hiring
some of the executives from Stellantes
to join its company in the past.
All right. Uh, yeah, that competition
firing up it seems like in Europe. Mman,
thank you. Our China correspondent Menlo
there on the markets here today. And
earlier we did speak exclusively with
Jensen Huang, the Nvidia CEO, on how he
hopes to re-engage with China.
>> Nvidia's uh forecast for China market is
zero. We're going to continue to to
engage the US government, continue to
engage the China government to advise
them and to encourage them to allow us
to go back and compete in the open
market. And so until then, we should
assume zero.
Sales are off the charts for Blackwell
and
Nvidia GPUs in the cloud are sold out.
We got plenty of Blackwells to sell you.
We have lots of black wells coming.
We're making a lot of black wells and we
have a bunch of Vera Rubin coming and so
business is very very strong.
>> All right. Uh let's stick with Nvidia. I
think that's the first time I've seen
him in a suit.
>> Is it?
>> I like him better in leather. Really?
>> He should He should combine the things,
but he clearly suits him.
>> A leather suit.
>> Yeah. Oh yeah, I think you have another
concert in mind. Annabelle is with us to
help us unpack of course those earnings
and the implications across the supply
chain in the region. Tech correspondent
of course. Mel, what do you think? Does
he look good in a suit? And what do you
think of this fierce market reaction
we're seeing across these markets?
>> I mean Dave, I do have to say he usually
suits up for earnings. So it's not the
first time I've seen him wearing one.
But I mean I thought he looked sharp
actually. I have to say I really did
take note of that suit he was wearing
and thought okay you when you're worth
this much money I'm glad that you're
putting it in part of it at least into
your wardrobe. But yes in terms of of
what stood out from the numbers I mean
it was as Mim was saying a very very
strong reading. The expectation was just
so high going into this. There were
concerns he wouldn't be able to deliver
despite how strong the numbers were. But
you're just seeing that sense of relief
coming across today in the session likes
by Biden for instance over in Tokyo
trading more than 10% to the upside. But
he did speak about some of the
challenges as well because this is a
company that's growing around 60% year
on year. You're talking about billions
of dollars in market cap that are being
added each quarter. That's the size of
entire businesses. And he did speak
about some of the supply chain
challenges that we can get to in a
moment. But overall, yes, the key
takeaways they lifted their sales
forecast for the next quarter, saying
they're going to generate about $65
billion in revenue. Uh they continue to
say that sales for Blackwell are off the
charts. They're ramping up their Reuben
roll out as well. And again, uh that
question around China, no, it's not
going to be accounted for in any sort of
revenue forecast. They're continuing
engagement with both governments in the
US and China. I think if there was
really only one sort of weaker spot that
came down to the margin because it just
missed estimates uh from from analysts
and that does also put into question
really those rising supply chain costs
as well.
So, so the the message for key Asia
suppliers, what what did Jensen say
about that?
>> Yeah. So, he did speak about how pivotal
it is when you're growing at the speed
they are that you do need to have very
strong relationships. He called some of
them out by name, TSMC for instance with
one of those. But when you talk about
the supply chain constraints going into
next year, a key one that's already
shaping up is going to be in the memory
space. And we were discussing for
instance last week that reporting we had
from Reuters that they were looking at
at raising the price of one of their key
memory chips. That's the DDR5 that's
very pivotal to AI infrastructure by
around 60% just in November alone. So
there's really not much doubt on on the
demand side for Nvidia. The question is
how much capacity they can book with the
likes of TSMC for instance around
advanced packaging. how they can work
with their suppliers like like Honai or
Foxcon as well. Of course, over in
Taiwan and then also the memory chip
plays you see in Korea and that's
specifically of course I'm referring to
to Samsung SKH Highix. You can see that
SKH Highix again liking this earnings
report but that is going to be that big
question because Nvidia is yes of course
it's a US company but the story and the
way that it's built is very much an Asia
one too.
Belle, thank you. Annabelle jeweler is
there with breakdown of course of those
Nvidia earnings and yeah, we're hearing
in a panel just very much on that very
topic, right? A spotlight on AI uh with
the former UK prime minister Rushi Sun.
That panel is underway here at the
Capella. Let's listen in.
>> What those companies have found is they
benefit from that interaction because
ultimately they don't have the same
national security expertise that exists
within governments. Uh so having those
people be involved in the process of
>> like the collaboration
>> exactly that collaboration is is
valuable to the companies and look I
don't think anyone wants to put
something out there into the world which
they think could genuinely cause
significant harm whether it's cyber
biological or or nuclear or chemical
they put exactly so if we have the
ability to look let's work through those
things uh with you in a collaborative
fashion and this is not regulation this
is as I said technical evaluation
>> but just to make sure that there are no
unintended consequences with algorithms
that are perhaps designed for engagement
the same way social media put out
technology meant to connect us but it
did end up having these harmful
consequences
>> and and that's and that's exactly the
point and look these companies all
themselves conduct this testing as they
should but I don't
>> so we will leave that there for now uh
that's of course the ongoing panel here
at the Bloomberg new economy forum
taking place for our Bloomberg clients
of course who do want to keep an eye on
that as well and the commentary to TLI
video uh we an ongoing blog of course at
discussing the everything that's taking
place plus of course more importantly
the context uh beyond uh and surrounding
those comments coming through uh let's
pivot slightly back to the market side
of things along of course the broader
conversation there around AI uh and
let's bring in Abishek Fishnoy our
senior Asia equities reporter joining us
right to to talk about this so clearly
Abishek thank you by the way sir for
joining us good set of numbers markets
are reacting positively that's an
understatement price target for invid is
now 200
140 bucks. That's the That's the
consensus right now from the street. My
question now is people keep talking
about this this concentration risk in
markets and
does this even fuel further that risk
given the fact that these are such a
great set of numbers.
>> I mean I don't think so. there there is
uh you know um there is a lens by which
you should be looking at concentration
risk when your life is revolving around
the max 7 and and and rightly so the
market value of Nvidia is 5 trillion or
or more and of the other companies as
well market cap is increasing um it's
like you know going into the argument
that everybody in the school should get
a consolation price there are
outperformers there are people who are
you know topping the class they should
be valued like that so I don't think
there is a there is a risk in
You would see if tech going down then
market is going down because you know
these guys have become way way bigger uh
than what we have seen in previous
cycles and if the tech is moving up
there would be a techled rally which
will pro probably broaden uh you know
the rally going forward as AI use cases
increases. Now um if you look uh in
context of what Nvidia has delivered it
has steadied the ship. If let's say
Nvidia uh Nvidia's peers or other AI
hyperscalers give similar sort of
guidance uh you know um down the road um
the AI capex continues you know with
free cash flows not from debt or other
sources of funding then you know this uh
trade can actually broaden itself market
may see a better days just yesterday we
were talking about all kind of technical
breakdowns uh you know and ominous
patterns and you know big falls in uh
you know Asian AI trades like Cosby,
Taiwan, Tabanese stocks, etc. But today
all that has been thrown out of the
window. You have gone from you know the
talking about these breakdowns to now
looking at upside and even possibly a
short squeeze. Um
see um guidance is great. Um it has
actually beaten by sides whispers and
you know as we all know China is not
contributing anything to Nvidia right
now. There is the China optionality. You
may not have to value it with a price to
earnings multiple but there is
optionality. So you would not value it
at zero. So you know that is still um is
still something that can surprise
investors. Remember US China trade
tensions have are are in the rearview
mirror now and there is you know this
oneear window where you know things can
change.
>> Yeah it's interesting how you know
investor preferences have changed as
well. You know, global fund managers
seem to be still quite optimistic when
it comes to China. But I'm looking at
that Bank of America Asia fund manager
survey that just came out recently,
Abby. And it seems like, you know, Asia,
you know, is a little bit less
optimistic about China now. In fact,
they prefer markets like Japan, Korea,
Taiwan more than the China story. How do
you square the two, the two dynamics
that we're seeing now?
See I mean Asians obviously know more
about Asia right so they're are a little
more confident about how they should be
valuing China looking at China we are
coming off a very very good rally in
Chinese stocks and we've seen AI also
making significant market cap there but
now the question is um you know given
the policy flip-flops that we have seen
in the past where would the valuations
be of China from here will there be a
rally in 2026 led by valuation expansion
or will it be led by earnings growth the
bet is that it will be more about
earnings growth because valuation
expansion at around you know 13x 12x you
are already trading where you should
given the the policy flip-flops that
have happened in the past given the
averages uh you know um uh that you have
enjoyed in the past now um if you look
at like you know things like Gordon
growth model uh you know or you look at
the risk-free rate and then try to
calculate the multiple of China uh
Chinese equities that multiple remains
where it is that's why you know people
are talking about okay right Now the
upside in Chinese stocks uh you know
would be there but not as much as it was
and you know honestly um yeah I saw that
survey you know I think it has to do
more with uh the fact that the latest
set of macro data was a bit weaker. I I
don't think we can write an obituary of
uh China based on that.
All right, Abishek, thank you. Senior
Asia Equities reporter Abishek Vishnoy
there joining us in Singapore. And
coming up on the China show, we'll be
speaking to of course some key guests
here at NEF here. Global 6 founder Lola
Wetszo. She used to be the rain maker
when it came to McKenzie in China. Also,
we're talking to Sila Nano Technologies.
They are wanting to be the next
alternative when it comes to the EV
battery space, too.
>> Yep. Let's and if they're successful,
not to say that they're not currently,
but if they go wide widespread and
fairly wides, who gets this place,
right? It's going to be interesting
conversation how we power this AI story
really and really that's going to be
part and parcel to the questions
investors are asking. Who's next?
>> And of course coming up here, lots more
ahead in fact here from the Bloomberg
new economy forum taking place.
Yep. Lots of names to watch on your
screens today. Of course, we're just
getting warmed up here on day two.
Plenty more ahead. This is the China
show. All
right, we'll take you back live here at
the new economy forum and our next
guest, she is known as the architect
really when it came to expanding
McKenzie in China way back when and now
she is now supporting cities and
institutions and managing large urban
planning. planning projects. Global 6
has worked with local governments on
projects in China, India, Europe, and
the Middle East. Let's bring in the
founder and managing partner, Lola
Wetzel, joining us now right now. Lola,
it's great to have you here.
>> My pleasure.
>> And yeah, we we we talk about, you know,
where we are in this whole USChina
discussion right now that we are in this
kind of one-year truce.
>> The sentiment here seems to be like
things are going to be doing quite well.
At least we've stabilized things for
now. What's it been like on the ground
in China and Shanghai where you are?
Well, I think in the last quarter, maybe
two, we've really turned a kind of
corner here where I mean this period of
uncertainty which kicked off arguably
four years ago. Um, I think we're kind
of over it at this stage that uh it's
like we understand there are risks. We
know that there's volatility. Not
everything is perfect. Uh but we have to
go forward. We have to actually make our
investments. We have to deploy capital.
We have to re start consuming a bit more
than we have. we've repaired our balance
sheets for the most part. So the view on
the ground I think is that while you
know it's not the 2019 go go year. Uh it
is um it is considerably better than
where we were 2 years ago and I think
we're poised for growth. I really feel
like there's an optimism here.
>> How does the consumer feel to you on the
ground? And obviously Shanghai is a very
small subset of the broader consumption
uh profile of you know the mainland
consumer but how do things feel on the
ground there? Well, I think that's best
represented by the Louis Vuitton ship.
>> Yes.
>> Next to the Starbucks Reserve, right?
>> Yeah. Next to the roaster, both among
the largest of their kind in the world
and with a line around the block to get
into it. Now, whether they're actually
buying the product is a different issue.
So, I have to say I understand Louis
Vuitton's quarterly results were held up
basically by China. So, um somebody's
buying the product. But yes, I think the
consumer is is the Shanghai uh and
Chinese consumer. It's aspirational.
It's a bit fickle. It's very very
bargain oriented, valueoriented. Um, but
the key thing I always thing to remember
is that the Chinese consumer saves 30%
of their income every year. Every year
they have more money and it's going into
the bank account, but then sometimes it
comes out and when it comes out it buys
a lot of handbags
>> or cheap coffee sometimes.
>> Or cheap coffee.
Well, that's the other part because the
the Chinese consumer is I wouldn't it's
in many ways you can say spoiled for
choice
>> and that now there are there's always a
name brand there's a global brand but
right next to that global brand there
are five or six local local copycat but
alternatives and uh and they actually
are offering a different proposition
most of the time so that's the Chinese
consumer they get to make that choice
each and every day
>> does it at least
I don't know the the whole concerns of
deflation I Do you see any signs of that
letting up in any way in the economy
now?
>> Well, we call it natron or involution
and uh I think that it's it's present in
a lot of manufacturing sectors. There is
over capacity, but we have to look
carefully at what that is. So, if you
look at the auto sector, there's over
capacity, but it's mostly in traditional
internal combustion engine cars. I mean,
those are the factories that are running
at 50 60% utilization. If you look at
the EV factories, those are closer to 80
or 85. I mean it's not perfect again but
uh but yeah I think that this is partly
at least technological shifts is the
industry is moving so fast that people
who had factories for old stuff are no
longer being able to depreciate they no
longer occupy them. So that's uh that's
a bit of it and the rest of it is yeah
China's fairly undisiplined approach to
capital allocation. We just tend to
throw a lot of money at things and it's
a last last person standing kind of uh
kind of outcomes. The ones who are cash
positive at the bottom of all that will
consolidate things. Yeah,
>> the I want to tie in your current
expertise of course into the let's call
it unlocking the potential. So urban
planning goes into really unlocking
potential
>> of let's just call it the microeconomy
the GDP or per capita
>> uh the ability of consumers to be able
to the mobility of consumers for example
what are you busy with
>> and how do you look at that juxtaposed
against the macro? Well, China has of
course gone through the single biggest
migration in history over the last 30 or
40 years just in terms of numbers of
people, you know, 4 500 million people.
And so we built a lot of stuff and now I
wouldn't say it's over. There's still
more to be done, but a lot of it is in
the renewal stage. So the the the work
in in China is around particularly
technology infrastructure to be put into
cities. So in Shanghai for example,
urban renewal around uh smart city
technologies, we call it quantum city
now. Uh quantum. Yeah. So it's a lot of
simulation and planning uh for urban
services. How do we make the streets
safer? How do we deliver the trash to
where it should go and manage recycling?
Those are those are kind of China
problems.
>> Other places is different. If you look
at India, India only 30% of India has
been built. 70% remains to be built. So
they are in that stage of it which is
more about uh taking advantage of what
we now can do in terms of building
modern infrastructure and and finding
places for it
>> because so different different countries
different different kinds of projects
and involved in both.
>> Yeah. I want to ask you about
interesting you brought up technology as
China looks to so let's call it the bulk
of the migrations taking place. You have
these mega cities, Shanghai, Shenzhen,
and the new evolution that they need to
sort of come to grips with things like
driverless cars for example. Yeah. You
know, the low altitude economy. As
someone that looks at cities and how to
plan a city of the future, what are the
first things a developed city like
Shanghai for example need to be thinking
about? Just I guess as an example of how
other cities should be thinking about
these things. I it's a terrific question
and I would always I mean sort of put
people first. So they really have to
start with inclusion and uh so the good
news is that every decile of Chinese
society has improved it standard of
living over the last 30 years. Everybody
everybody's been better but some people
have been better than others. So so the
gaps are growing and the challenge in a
modern city like in anywhere is to make
sure that we all can participate. And so
every time that we introduce an
automation tool, we throw somebody out
of a job.
>> And so where do they go and how do we
ensure that they still literally have a
place in the city to sleep? So those are
the challenges for ch for for Shanghai
particularly as Shanghai is a modern
city and it's a mega city that's been
incredibly successful. U but now it it
faces the challenge of that success. So
that's the number one thing. Beyond
that, environment of course I mean uh
when we grow we we tend to pollute and
so managing the externality uh again
climate huge issue adaptation to the
hotter wetter world that we've been
creating here uh and then finally of
course the economic engine underlies all
of that which is how do we continue to
innovate and uh know China now has its
thousand talents program kind of scaling
up with free visas for people who have
gone to college so basically fine so
okay you know but is that that's not
really how you do it, but it's going to
be a part of the solution. So,
>> Lola, we could spend a lot of time on
this. We'd love to continue this, of
course, next time.
>> Thank you so much for the time.
>> My pleasure. Thank you so much.
>> That was Lola Wol there, of course,
founder and managing partner at at
Global 6. And yeah, trust that's not
going to be the last time you're going
to be hearing from that conversation
taking place there. Uh, we have Laura
coming up here out of New Economy Forum
taking place here in Singapore. You're
watching the China Show. Good morning.
All right, it is all about Nvidia here
today. The strong revenue forecast for
the current period is helping to counter
concerns that this global surge in AI
spending is poised to crash. But CEO
Jensen Huang told us that Chinese sales
are not included in their outlook
because of those US restrictions. He
spoke exclusively to Bloomberg about
trying to re-engage with China.
Sales are off the charts for Blackwell
and
Nvidia GPUs in the cloud are sold out.
We got plenty of Blackwells to sell you.
We have lots of black wells coming.
We're making a lot of black wells and we
have a bunch of Vera Rubins coming and
so
business is very very strong
but we've planned our supply chain
incredibly well. We have the largest
supply chain in the world. Our partners
TSMC. Our memory partners SKH Highix,
Micron, Samsung are doing a fantastic
job supporting us. And all of our
systems partners, Foxcon and Quant and
Wistron, our packaging partners,
everybody's doing a fantastic job
supporting us. And we've done a good job
planning for a very, very strong year.
And we've done a good job planning for
Vera Rubin. So sales are off the charts.
Nvidia GPUs in the cloud is sold out,
but we've got a bunch of black wells to
sell.
>> Jensen, what's the road ahead for Vera
Rubin? It's one of the most common
questions we get for you of how that
ramp will go relative to what we saw
with the blackwell generations.
>> Well, the silicon for uh Vera Rubin,
seven different chips are back in our
labs and the bring up is happening
across engineering teams. probably a
couple of 20,000 people are working on
bringing up Vera Rubin from silicon to
systems to software to algorithms people
are working around the clock and this
bring up is going beautifully
we're on track to deliver Vera Rubin
about Q3 time frame of next year
continuing our once a year cycle Vera
Rubin is already assured a huge success
everybody's incredibly excited excited
about it. Can't wait to show everybody.
And then one last thing is that the rack
architecture, the rack scale
architecture is completely
revolutionary. It includes a scale up
switch called the MVLink. MVLink 72, our
fifth generation is the only one of its
kind in the world. This rack
architecture, which is incredibly
complex, started with Grace Blackwell,
then Grace Blackwell Ultra. It is
transitioned to grace blackwell ultra is
incredibly seamless.
The same rack rack scale architecture is
going to be used for ver rubin and so
the supply chain is all used to it. This
complexity that we enjoyed with grace
blackwell transition we're now
incredibly smooth running and so I think
vera rubin is going to be just really
smooth and we're going to ramp it really
hard. Jensen, I tried to go through what
the CFO collect Crest said about China
in the quarter gone. It seemed like
there was not meaningful H20 sales
because the demand wasn't there even if
you were permitted to sell H20. And then
in the current period and going forward,
Nvidia seems committed to working with
both the United States and China to to
sell what what uh Colette called more
competitive compute. Where do we stand
with that? and and and could you just
clarify what what Colette was talking
about in the current state of play for
China?
>> The most important thing she said is
that we've said for some time now our
forecast for China is zero. All of our
forecast guidance that we showed zero we
should start that's the most important
thing that she said. She also said that
effectively China is a very important
market to us. It's very important to
United States. It's very important to
China. We would love the opportunity to
be able to re-engage the Chinese market
with excellent products that we deliver
and to be able to compete globally. The
Chinese market is very large. This year,
my guess is probably about $50 billion.
It's great for the American people that
we're able to compete in the Chinese
market. It's great for the China market
that we're able to provide Nvidia's
technology to them. is great for the
rest of the world as Chinese software
companies and Chinese open-source models
leave China and are used all over the
world. And so I think it's fantastic
that we're able it would be fantastic if
we're able to participate in the China
market. But for now, we should just
assume the mark our Nvidia's uh forecast
for China market is zero. We're going to
continue to to engage the US government,
continue to engage the China government
to advise them and to encourage them to
allow us to go back and compete in the
open market. And so until then, we
should assume zero.
>> There we go. That was of course, in case
you didn't know, that was Jensen Hang
speaking exclusively to Edla. post post
earnings market still feeling of course
the after effects of that and I imagine
that's going to play out across the
session uh across Europe and the US
later today right uh let's turn our
attention now from specifically AI chips
to battery technology uh CEO Nano
Technologies is a US funded company
that's aiming to become an alternative
to China in global supply chains joining
us now is the co-founder and CEO Gan
Bishevsky joining us here on set very
nice to see you and good morning
>> yeah thanks for having me
>> in very simple English.
>> Yes. We just read a bit of Greek there.
What do you guys do? What's the
technology?
>> Silicon anodess.
>> Silicon anodess. Yeah. So, what does
that what does that mean? Uh, inside
every lithium-ion battery, there is a
critical component, the anode material
that helps it store energy.
>> For 34 years, that component has been
graphite predominantly made and and and
and refined in China, maybe 93% the
these days. um we replace that with a
siliconbased anode that gives you much
higher performance 20 to 20 to 40%
higher energy density. So think longer
longer drive times, longer flight times,
your laptop, your phone lasting longer.
Um and it has a different uh supply
chain that allows us to manufacture this
in the west very cost- effectively uh
very cleanly uh and display some of that
critical dependence that the world has
on on on Chinese graphite today. in
terms of how it's processed. I mean, can
you tell us a bit more about what what
that process looks like in the capacity
that you have right now?
>> Yeah. So, the the the key challenge with
this technology, you know, we invented
it um over the last decade and we've now
scaled it up about a million x from the
lab scale where we made it in in grams.
We just opened a factory in Moses Lake,
Washington. We produced a several
several gigawatt hours equivalent, so
it'll support quite a lot of batteries.
Um uh and we process it um really
through a a a novel novel novel um
thermal process where we convert uh a
silicon input in input uh gas into this
uh into this material uh that then
further goes into the battery maker and
gets integrated into whatever kind of
battery they want to make whether it's a
EV battery or a drone battery or a or a
phone battery. in terms of the current
applications right now. So just give us
a sense of your current customer base
who's using who's using this stuff.
>> Yeah. So so far we've launched in
several million small consumer devices
across a couple customers. So think
wearable devices that are smaller
because of this technology. But with
this new factory coming online, we have
a lot more production capacity. And so
in our pipeline of customers, we have
cell phones, we have power tools, we
have satellites, we have drones, and of
course electric vehicles. Um uh data
centers as well. So when when you know
when you're talking about AI data
centers, they need they need uh better
batteries because the workloads are so
spiky. They they cause a lot of issues
with with energy. And so silicon anodes
can also help in that domain. So really
anywhere where there's a lithium-ion
battery can benefit from this
technology. And you will see it diffuse
over the next you know 3 to 5 years into
every single aspect of of our lives.
>> How do you see the competition now in
the EV battery space? I mean, everyone
talks about China, CL, for example, and
where they're really leading and
dominating when it comes to innovation
and and technology right now. How does
it compare with what you're seeing over
in the West?
>> Yeah. So, so companies like CL,
Panasonic, Samsung, LG, those those are
ultimately our customers. So, the
battery makers buy anode materials.
Again, today they buy almost entirely
Chinese graphite, Chineseade graphite.
Um, but they can start to buy Western
silicon to displace that. Um and and so
really for us the the it's a it's a
performance and supply chain uh
differentiation relative to the to the
baseline. So um for us we're we're
really looking at it more of a
technology shift than direct competition
with with graphite anodes. I think over
the next
>> again 3 to 5 years we're going to see
silicon start to replace graphite in in
most applications. Um and in the west
the the the customer base is obviously
very different. uh you know LG,
Panasonic, Samsung tend to be the
leading battery players in the west.
>> The the the pitch obviously we've spent
just the better part of four minutes on
this so it's clearly not as
comprehensive but the pitch seems very
straightforward and the the confidence I
sort of get from you is that this is it
it's a matter of time and scale more
than a matter of competition. So it
seems straightforward but when you pitch
this to customers for example is there
just a mental shift that needs to take
place? What what is that what is that
thing?
>> Exactly right. So, so just like
lithiumion replaced nickel metal hydide,
right? That took time because lithiumion
was new, it was different. Nickel metal
hydide batteries were very robust, very
well understood. Customers have to work
on adopting it. So, that's one of one of
the uh one of the barriers is it's a
different technology. You have to tune
how the batter is made using this
technology, but ultimately you get to
use the same factory and that's really
really important. So, if you built a
gigafactory for conventional lithium
ion, you can implement silicon anodes
there, right? Um but but the other big
barrier is just scale. So we've got a
couple gigawatt hours of production
capacity. Next up we're going to 10x
that to say 25 gawatt hours and then the
world today needs about 2,000 gatt
hours. So just thinking about how long
it'll take to scale.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. And this sounds like could be
wrong in a few years this might become a
political story just because of this the
type of things that goes into uh some
critical technologies. Is that something
that
>> I don't I don't think it's in a few
years. I think it's probably in a few
months because uh just as with rare
earth uh if if if um China were to
exercise export controls on graphite uh
and they were included in the in the in
the export controls that were released 2
months ago. Yeah.
>> But are paused um you know you would
essentially shut down most western
battery factories and all western EV
factories. Uh so you'd have hundreds of
thousands of people unemployed the next
day if graphite uh graphite were
restricted from being exported. Um so I
think that you know it is it is less
talked about than rare earth but the
concentration the the the geographic
concentration of supply chain is is just
as just as high. Uh and so it's
something that that that governments and
uh have to have to contend with and this
is one of the solutions is moving to
this new technology.
>> You mentioned it's a matter of months.
How are you preparing for any sort of
possibility?
>> Yeah, I can ask. So, we're working very
hard to design the next generation of of
our of our plant, the next plant, the
10x expansion. And so, um, you know, we
have a lot of C. Obviously, you can't
build a factory like this in in months.
It's a very very large facility, but um,
I think we're we're we're keen to to
scale and and certainly, you know, I
think cooler heads will prevail in the
global global trade scene. We're not
we're not we're you know, we as we've
seen the the pause with with rare earths
and and other things. So I don't expect
it to happen but I'm what I'm saying is
I think this this can be an issue at any
moment.
>> Uh and I think for us we just have to
focus on scaling up the production.
>> Jean it's great to have you Jean
Burichesky there co-founder and CEO of
Cila Nano Technologies. We're going to
have plenty more coming up here at the
new economy forum. Plenty of
conversations coming your way including
with the NASDAQ chair Dina Freeman and
Tokyo Marine Asset Management CEO Kazuya
Nagasawa. Much more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
It's fun. It's fun out there today if
you're long these tech markets. I guess
with the exception of what's happening
here
>> and just tech is actually a negative
right now
>> and I wonder what's behind that uh just
looking underneath the hood but uh that
that's just to say the sort of the
Nvidia tailwinds are playing out not as
broadly as people perhaps would have
initially expected but it's playing out
across quite strongly in the markets
that do have that representation.
>> Yeah, HStech I mean Kingsoft is down
some 11% here right now. Xpong is also
down some 5%. So there are some uh big
kind of things that are dragging down HS
tech here but um yeah certainly it's
interesting that they're bucking the
trend here given all the optimism but
yeah we have seen when things are
actually pulling back in the whole AI
story China tech actually does quite
well so it's a bit of a reverse of that
here today of some other stories that
we're tracking for you around the world
the latest when it comes to the China
and Japanese situation China said to be
freezing the regulatory reviews for new
Japanese films as their diplomatic
dispute over Taiwan shows little sign of
easing Sources say officials have also
suspended six Japanese titles that were
previously approved. It comes as China
halts imports of Japanese seafood just
months after Beijing lifted a similar
ban. Tensions are high after Prime
Minister Sayia Takichi's remarks on
Taiwan being a potential existential
issue for Japan.
Because of Japanese Prime Minister Sai
Takahi's egregious moves and Iranous
remarks concerning Taiwan and other
major issues of principle, there has
been strong outrage and condemnation
from the Chinese people. Under current
circumstances, there will be no market
for Japanese aquatic products even if
they enter China.
If Japan refuses to retract the remarks
and even goes further down a wrong path,
China will have no choice but to take
strict and resolute counter measures.
>> Catholic Pacific will allow travelers
meanwhile to Japan to modify their
flights following Beijing's earlier call
for Chinese citizens to avoid going to
the country. In a statement to the South
China Morning Post, Cath says the
airline will remain flexible, but did
not say if passengers will be allowed to
cancel or change their Japan-bound
flights for free. Taiwanese President
Ling is urging citizens and businesses
to avoid Chinese-made apps, warning of
cyber security risks and potential data
leaks. That's after Taiwan security
agencies say they found excessive data
collection and information distortion in
tests of Chinese AI apps. Lie says China
could exploit these tools for cyber
attacks, surveillance, or cognitive
warfare targeting Taiwan's national
security.
>> Right. So, we're coming to you live, of
course, for viewers. Just joining us
right now out of the Bloomberg New
Economy Forum here in Singapore. There's
a bit of backdrop noise. That's because
the panel that just ended is there's
been a bit of a shift in terms of the
crowd. Right now, just starting
>> Eric Chhatzkar as you can see there in
conversation with Ashi
there. Of course, the spotlight on India
is now starting.
>> Yep. Let's listen in.
>> It can compete on in all of those arenas
with the United States and China. What's
the strategy?
>> Our design capabilities,
our ability to look at very complex
problems and solve them. our ability to
have a talent pool which can be
basically deployed in any major
technological stuff. These are certain
advantages which we think will hold us
very strong going forward. I'll give you
certain examples. I'll give you a few
examples too. First is let's take the
case of semiconductors.
Now we started on the semiconductor
journey just about 3 years back 3 and
1/2 years back. Today we already have an
ecosystem developing just in three three
and a half years where production of
chips is starting. Design of uh some of
the most complex chips is now happening
in India all the way up to 2 nanometers.
I'll give you second example. Take the
case of uh space. Now we opened up this
sector just a few years ago just about 4
and a half 5 years ago. Within a short
time frame we have about 80 startups
working in space technologies. I'll give
you one more example. Just about 10
years ago India had just about 400 500
startups. Today we have 190,000
startups. We are among the top three
startup ecosystems in the entire world.
The entrepreneurial energy which is one
of the foundations of our civilization
was kind of throttled because of the
policies since 1950.
Those have been released by our prime
minister Narendra Modi GI.
In the last decade so much
simplification has happened. So many of
those constraints have been removed that
the entrepreneurial energy is coming
forward and that's what drives
technology that's what drives innovation
that's what gives me the confidence that
we will be the world will have a T3
configuration in which these three
countries India China and US will be
leading most of the technologies
>> how long will it take for India to be
competitive on all of those different
levels with those other two countries
the United States and China
>> different technology technies and
different streams will have of course
different uh time frames
>> trajectories.
>> I can I can say in case of
semiconductors by 2031 2032 in that time
frame we'll be equivalent to what many
of these uh countries are at today and
then it will be a race which will be a
very fair and a level playing field. Um
similar things will happen in other
technologies also.
>> Minister, conditions matter.
>> Yes. Has the widening divide or maybe
deepening competition another way of
looking at it between the United States
and China changed the calculus for
India's ambitions
its opportunity in technology? Um our
prime minister has always told us that
we should strengthen our line. We should
make our line longer. We should make
ourselves more stronger. We should make
sure that our capabilities increase
rather than trying to reduce somebody
else's capabilities. We don't think in
>> you don't think in zero sum terms.
>> Yeah. We think that we have made lots of
contributions to the so human society
over last 5,000 years and we as a
civilization will continue to make those
contributions. We should be able to
strengthen our capabilities, further our
capabilities going forward.
>> Most countries are forced to make a
choice. Am I going to align myself with
the United States? Am I going to align
myself with China? For India, is there
such a thing as digital non-alignment,
digital sovereignty? If you like
>> digital sovereignty is a point that
practically every country today thinks
about
>> would like to be have the luxury to
think about
>> um more like ability to have control
over your own future.
>> Yes,
>> in that sense uh in a digital world
there are no boundaries as we know
internet doesn't uh follow the global
geographic uh boundaries. Um digital
sovereignty is definitely important but
our policy has been our foreign policy
as well as our technology policies of
multi-alignment. Our policy has been
that
how do we how do we contribute to the
growth of technology and betterment of
entire humanity through our
contributions. That's the way we think
>> in a world of let's call it weaponized
supply chains and that is the reality
today.
Where at the moment, I'm not talking
about 2031, but where at the moment does
neutrality
end and alignment begin? Where do you
need to work with at least one of those
two other regimes?
Whether it's semiconductors, artificial
intelligence,
5G wireless or the next 6G wireless,
critical minerals. How do you think
about that?
>> Today's supply chains are I don't think
they are in 01 state, right? Multiple
players are there, multiple geographies,
a small component, a chip which gets
manufactured manufactured that passes
through so many boundaries by the time
it gets its final finished shape.
So we have to work with so many
different countries and so many
different partners and that's where the
factor of trust comes in. We believe
that India is a trusted geography. It's
a trusted country because we believe in
IP rights. We very strongly protect IP.
We believe in developing uh or rather
co-developing solutions. I'll give you
one example
uh end to end telecom stack for 4G and
5G. There were just about uh two two
companies from China, one from Samsung
and two from Europe. Now we are the next
uh country where we have developed the
complete 4G and 5G telecom stack and
>> with your own proprietary technology
>> with our own proprietary technology and
we have given a level of sophistication
which is better than the existing
products and that's possible only when
we work with so many different partners.
That's not possible working alone. You
have to work with partners. That's the
way technology works in my
understanding. Minister, I'd like to ask
you about social media. As the minister,
this minister, as you can see, has a
very large portfolio. As the minister
both for information and broadcasting
and also electronics and information
technology, you are at the nexus, aren't
you, of one of the most important
debates in global governance, how to
regulate social. Okay, we will just step
out
uh of the panel taking place of course
right inside where we are with a
spotlight on India but we're not moving
the spotlight from India as well because
quite literally next year a new economy
forum will be taking place in
>> India.
>> Yeah.
>> So we're heading off the baton soon
tomorrow of course uh as we move the INF
out of the Capella which has been here
for many years um to of course India. So
very excited about that at a time when
we're seeing nifty markets. Yeah, we're
taking a look at that Indian stocks
actually are getting pretty doing quite
well, right?
>> 200 points give or take from uh reaching
that record high. I mean we've talked at
length about this this year that this
market has been lagging its peers that
>> finally it's coming back
>> right coming back. That's the peak 200
points and we'll see what happens of
course when the market opens in in the
next hour of of of Bloomberg television.
>> Yep. Have more from the economy forum.
Hearing from senior executives including
the likes of NASDAQ, the Ashmore Group
and PIMCO in the next few hours. That's
it for us here from the China show.
Insight with Haz is next.